HELP.md, before:

## Useful Links

### Ошибка
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63124161/attempted-import-error-switch-is-not-exported-from-react-router-dom

### Подсветка кода
https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-syntax-highlighter

### Stylelint
https://stylelint.io/user-guide/get-started
https://github.com/hudochenkov/stylelint-order
https://blog.csssr.com/ru/article/lint-your-css/
https://github.com/hudochenkov/stylelint-order/blob/master/rules/properties-order/README.md

### Eslint
https://frontend-stuff.com/blog/eslint/

### react-syntax-highlighter
https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-syntax-highlighter

https://www.npmjs.com/package/highlight.js
https://www.npmjs.com/search?ranking=popularity&q=syntax%20highlighting

### v5.reactrouter.com
https://v5.reactrouter.com/web/guides/quick-start

### Пробельные символы
https://developer.mozilla.org/ru/docs/Web/CSS/white-space


### SVG Background
https://heropatterns.com/

### Image uploading
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23533355/spring-controller-requestbody-with-file-upload-is-it-possible
https://frontbackend.com/spring-boot/spring-boot-upload-file-to-postgresql-database
https://medium.com/echohub/imageserver-with-spring-boot-postgresql-aec02e5dad9b
https://flaviocopes.com/file-upload-using-ajax/
https://blogs.perficient.com/2020/07/27/requestbody-and-multipart-on-spring-boot/

### Map String/JSON to Java Object
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45110371/no-string-argument-constructor-factory-method-to-deserialize-from-string-value/56323851
https://www.baeldung.com/jackson-deserialize-json-unknown-properties

Commit message:

Bug 'React injecting iframe with max z-index on reload after changes' - fixed

HELP.md, after:

## Useful Links

### Ошибка
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63124161/attempted-import-error-switch-is-not-exported-from-react-router-dom

# React injecting iframe with max z-index on reload after changes (development)
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69051008/react-injecting-iframe-with-max-z-index-on-reload-after-changes-development
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70499543/create-react-app-creates-this-iframe-that-prevents-me-from-clicking-or-editing

### Подсветка кода
https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-syntax-highlighter

### Stylelint
https://stylelint.io/user-guide/get-started
https://github.com/hudochenkov/stylelint-order
https://blog.csssr.com/ru/article/lint-your-css/
https://github.com/hudochenkov/stylelint-order/blob/master/rules/properties-order/README.md

### Eslint
https://frontend-stuff.com/blog/eslint/

### react-syntax-highlighter
https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-syntax-highlighter

https://www.npmjs.com/package/highlight.js
https://www.npmjs.com/search?ranking=popularity&q=syntax%20highlighting

### v5.reactrouter.com
https://v5.reactrouter.com/web/guides/quick-start

### Пробельные символы
https://developer.mozilla.org/ru/docs/Web/CSS/white-space


### SVG Background
https://heropatterns.com/

### Image uploading
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23533355/spring-controller-requestbody-with-file-upload-is-it-possible
https://frontbackend.com/spring-boot/spring-boot-upload-file-to-postgresql-database
https://medium.com/echohub/imageserver-with-spring-boot-postgresql-aec02e5dad9b
https://flaviocopes.com/file-upload-using-ajax/
https://blogs.perficient.com/2020/07/27/requestbody-and-multipart-on-spring-boot/

### Map String/JSON to Java Object
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45110371/no-string-argument-constructor-factory-method-to-deserialize-from-string-value/56323851
https://www.baeldung.com/jackson-deserialize-json-unknown-properties
